DataGrid: add info about (Blanks) in headerFilter (#7100)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/30 Filtering and Searching/2 Header Filter.md

> A header filter's popup menu lists all column values by default. You can group them using the **headerFilter**.[groupInterval](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/headerFilter/groupInterval.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/#groupInterval') property if they are numbers or dates. You can also provide a custom data source for a header filter using the [dataSource](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/headerFilter/dataSource.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/#dataSource') property. Refer to the property's description for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A header filter's popup menu initially lists all column values. You can group them using the **headerFilter**.[groupInterval](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/headerFilter/groupInterval.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/#groupInterval') property if they are numbers or dates. You can also supply a custom data source for a header filter using the [dataSource](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/headerFilter/dataSource.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/headerFilter/#dataSource') property. Refer to the property's description for details.
```
